This appendix lists the networks used in the paper [http://swasr.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/latex/paper1/paper1.pdf Modular Network Models for Class Dependencies in Software].

== Software Networks ==

Systems hosted by [http://sourceforge.net/ SourceForge]:
  * AbaGuiBuilder-1.8
  * alfresco-labs-deployment-3Stable
  * aoi272
  * stendhal-0.74
  * battlefieldjava-0.1
  * checkstyle-5.0
  * dom4j-1.6.1
  * findbugs-1.3.8
  * freetts-1.2.2-bin
  * ganttproject-2.0.9
  * geoserver-2.0-beta1-bin
  * geotools-2.5.5-bin
  * gfp_0.8.1
  * hibernate-distribution-3.3.1.GA-dist
  * hsqldb_1_8_0_10
  * iBATIS_DBL-2.1.5.582
  * iReport-nb-3.5.1
  * JabRef-2.5b2-src
  * jailer_2.9.9
  * jalopy-1.5rc3
  * jasperreports-3.5.2-project
  * jfreechart-1.0.13
  * pentaho-reporting-engine-classic-0.8.9.11
  * jGnash-2.2.0
  * jgraphpad-5.10.0.2
  * jmsn-0.9.9b2
  * juel-2.1.2
  * JXv3.2rc2deploy
  * makagiga-3.4
  * MegaMek-v0.34.3
  * iFreeBudget-2.0.9
  * mondrian-3.1.1.12687
  * oddjob-0.26.0
  * openxava-3.1.2
  * pdfsam-1.1.3-out
  * pjirc_2_2_1_bin
  * pmd-bin-4.2.5
  * proguard4.3
  * smc_6_0_0
  * squirrel-sql-3.0.1-base
  * squirrel-sql-3.0.1-standard
  * tvbrowser-2.7.3-bin
  * villonanny-2.3.0.b02.bin
  * rapidminer-4.4-community
  * zk-bin-3.6.1

Systems hosted in other sites:
  * ArgoUML-0.28
  * GEF-0.13-bin
  * Hl7Comm.1.0.1
  * IRPF2009v1.1
  * broker-4.1.5 (OurGrid)
  * dbwrench
  * ec2-api-tools
  * ermodeller-1.9.2-binary
  * flyingsaucer-R8
  * gdata-src.java-1.31.1
  * guice-2.0
  * gwt-windows-1.6.4
  * jai-1_1_4-pre-dr-b03-lib-linux-i586-08_Jun_2009
  * jakarta-tomcat-5.0.28-embed
  * juxy-0.8
  * myjgui_0.6.6
  * peer-4.1.5 (OurGrid)
  * subethasmtp-3.1
  * thinkui_sqlclient-1.1.2
  * worker-4.1.5 (OurGrid)

== Networks from Other Domains ==

  * 5 friendship networks from Facebook (1)
  * 3 electronic circuit networks (2)
  * 4 word adjacency networks (2)
  * 3 protein structure networks (2)
  * 2 social networks of positive sentiment (2)
  * 43 metabolic networks (3)
  * Protein interaction network for yeast (4)
  * Links between political blogs (5)
  * Neural network of C Elegans (6)
  * Network ``beta3sreduced'' (unknown source)
  * Network ``czech'' (unknown source)
  * Network ``ecoli-metabolic'' (unknown source).

References:

(1) A. L. Traud, E. D. Kelsic, P. J. Mucha, and M. A. Porter, “Community structure in online collegiate social networks,” 2008. Available: http://www.citebase.org/abstract?id=oai:arXiv.org:0809.0690

(2) R. Milo, S. Itzkovitz, N. Kashtan, R. Levitt, S. Shen-Orr, I. Ayzenshtat, M. Sheffer, and U. Alon, “Superfamilies of evolved and designed networks.” Science, vol. 303, no. 5663, pp. 1538–1542, March 2004. Available: http://dx.doi.org/10.1126/science.1089167

(3) H. Jeong, B. Tombor, R. Albert, Z. N. Oltvai, and A. L. Barabasi, “The large-scale organization of metabolic networks,” Nature, vol. 407, no. 6804, pp. 651–654, October 2000. Available: http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/35036627

(4) H. Jeong, S. P. Mason, A.-L. Barabasi, and Z. N. Oltvai, “Lethality and centrality in protein networks,” NATURE v, vol. 411, p. 41, 2001. Available: http://www.citebase.org/abstract?id=oai:arXiv.org:cond-mat/0105306

(5) L. A. Adamic and N. Glance, “The political blogosphere and the 2004 u.s. election: divided they blog,” in LinkKDD ’05: Proceedings of the 3rd international workshop on Link discovery.	New York, NY, USA: ACM Press, 2005, pp. 36–43. [Online]. Available: http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/1134271.1134277

(6) D. J. Watts and S. H. Strogatz, “Collective dynamics of ’small-world’ networks.” Nature, vol. 393, no. 6684, pp. 440–442, June 1998. Available: http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/30918