#summary!MiojoSim: A decomposition comparison metric for instant analysis!


=== The Marketplace ===

!MoJo is a metric used to compare two decompositions by counting the number of
move and join operations needed in order to transform the first decomposition
into the second one. This metric is frequently used to tell how well a
clustering algorithm performs in comparison to its rivals, by applying the
algorithms to a network and then computing the !MoJo score between the found
decompositions and a reference decomposition. The smaller the !MoJo score, the
better.

=== The Niche ===

Some clustering algorithms, mostly hierarchical algorithms, get sensibly small
!MoJo scores by packing together almost all elements into a giant cluster.
While, tecnically, this implies a !MoJo score of (n - C) -- where n is the
number of elements and C is the size of the largest cluster --, it just doesn't
feel quite right to win the big prize with such a trivial and useless solution.

=== The Product ===

Tired of peeking at low-!MoJo-scores decompositions just to find out that it is
dominated by a giant and overweight cluster? Seeking better tools to satisfy
your knowledge hunger? No more! Replace !MoJo with !MiojoSim to get
instantaneous, ready to consume information. !MiojoSim gives a score of zero
for one-cluster decompositions, up to 1 for identical decompositions, and down
to -1 for completely dissimilar decompositions.

=== Acknowledgments ===

Miojo is a popular brand of instant noodles in Brazil.

